---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Becoming better
date: 2016-08-26
labels:
  - Software Engineering
  - Knowledge
---

  Since I was a child I was taught that whenever I do something, that I should try my best and become the best that I could be. 
This idea is what shaped me into the person that I am now. Unfortunately this hasn't always been the case. I guess to understand how 
this all comes together we have to go a little into my past. Since elementary I have been fascinated with how things worked. I would take my toys
apart and examine the insides to see what was happening. I did indeed learn how things worked, but I couldn't always get it to work again. Fast forward
a little and we have me as a junior in high school. During this time I got into computers. I took classes like digital media and A+ certification. 
Learning how computers worked and how websites were made is what gave me my push into my major now.

  Unfortunately my first experience in college wasn't great. I flunked my first year at community college and took a year off from school. During this time
  though was when I re-discovered the idea of becoming better. A lot of people told me that college is where you figure out who you are, for me though, this
  was not the case. I was working at a minimum wage job (which was $7.25 at the time) 40 hours a week. This is where I also applied the idea of becoming better.
  Every shift I focused on a goal and would never be satisfied until I reached that goal and after that I moved on to the next until I become the best that I could.
  I finally came to the realization that if I could do this for my job, why can't I do this for school?
  
  Fast forward once more and here we are, the present day. Officially I am an IT major, but what does it really mean to be an IT major? At first I thought
  it meant working on routers and switches. Setting up networks and troubleshooting problems that would arise, but I know now that becoming better doesn't only apply 
  to what my focus, but to everything. Knowledge is very important, it's the greatest tool that anyone can have. So to become better I have to gain the
  knowledge that is contained within Computer Science as a whole and strive to become better at each aspect. This is what's going to lead to me becoming better.
